Chore/jts update process clockface (#3387)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/v2.1/api-guide/postman.md

---

Use [Postman](https://www.postman.com/), a popular tool for exploring APIs,

> to interact with the [InfluxDB API](/{{% latest "influxdb" %}}/api-guide).

Author: > Using latest in the same oss context could lead to unintentional version switches in the future.

@sanderson Got it - thanks again!

## Send authenticated API requests with Postman

All requests to the [InfluxDB v2 API](/{{% latest "influxdb" %}}/cloud/api-guide/) must include an [InfluxDB API token](/{{% latest "influxdb" %}}/security/tokens/).

{{% note %}}

#### Authenticate with a username and password

If you need to send a username and password (`Authorization: Basic`) to the [InfluxDB 1.x compatibility API](/{{% latest "influxdb" %}}/reference/api/influxdb-1x/), see how to [authenticate with a username and password scheme](/{{% latest "influxdb" %}}/reference/api/influxdb-1x/#authenticate-with-the-token-scheme).

{{% /note %}}

> To configure Postman to send an [InfluxDB API token](/{{% latest "influxdb" %}}/security/tokens/) with the `Authorization: Token` HTTP header, do the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure Postman to send an [InfluxDB API token](/influxdb/v2.1/security/tokens/) with the `Authorization: Token` HTTP header, do the following:
```

> 1. If you have not already, [create a token](/{{% latest "influxdb" %}}/security/tokens/create-token/).

Author: Shoot! I was just thinking I probably messed this up, but didn't want to ask.

2. In the Postman **Authorization** tab, select **API Key** in the **Type** dropdown.
3. For **Key**, enter `Authorization`.
4. For **Value**, enter `Token INFLUX_API_TOKEN`, replacing *`INFLUX_API_TOKEN`* with the token generated in step 1.
5. Ensure that the **Add to** option is set to **Header**.

#### Test authentication credentials

> To test the authentication, in Postman, enter your InfluxDB `/api/v2/` root endpoint and click **Send**.

Author: ```suggestion
To test the authentication, in Postman, enter your InfluxDB API `/api/v2/` root endpoint URL and click **Send**.
```
